New Year's Resolutions

This year I will carve out more time for code.

As 2018 wound on, I found myself looking for more and more opportunities to work on coding projects. I enjoy the creative problem solving approach that comes along with creating a solution. The more opportunities came up for me to solve work problems in  new ways, the more I found myself wishing I had a deeper knowledge of how to create solutiosn for these issues.

I want to make 2019 the year I make coding a part of my daily life. I will be approaching this year with a few goals in mind as I look to grow my repetoire of skills and technologies I can use to make my life more efficient, more productive, and more creative.

These are my goals in order of importance:

1. Begin contributing to open-source projects. This will give me a better understanding of how to create a solution collaberatively and will hopefully expose me to new technologies I haven't worked with extensively before. I've found a few great resources across Github to help programmers who are new to open source make meaningful contributions to projects: <a href="https://github.com/bumgardnera07/first-contributions">First Contributions</a> is a github repository to help newbies understand what the push/merge contribution process looks like. 

2. Complete the Princeton Algorithms 1 and 2 courses on Coursera. These courses will give me a much deeper understanding of time/space complexity of algorithms, as well as help with the approach to problem solving.

3.Practice Vim and Linux/ GNU. Set up a Linux system on my personal computer. For the most part, I have always been a windows user, but I've always been interested in learning more about Linux. I'd like to become more comfortable/ familiar with the operating system for the vast majority of servers and supercomputers.

4. Make a video game. Because fun!

5. Make an App for the Alexa Show. I've been working on some Alexa Apps for a while and enjoy the interactivity of the smart home. I'd like to put together a multi-modal skill for Alexa that takes advantage of the Show, Alexa Interaction Model, and potentially other smart devices. I'm waiting for a great idea to come along before I try to tackle this one.

Here's to a productive 2019~
